President Obama just had a news conference, but he doesn't have a clue. Our country is a divided crime scene, and it will only get worse!
If it were up to goofy Elizabeth Warren, we'd have no jobs in America-she doesn't have a clue.
David Brooks, of the New York Times, is closing in on being the dumbest of them all. He doesn't have a clue.
Mitt Romney is a mixed up man who doesn't have a clue. No wonder he lost!
I am going to save Medicare and Medicaid, Carson wants to abolish, and failing candidate Gov. John Kasich doesn't have a clue - weak!
Just watched Marco Rubio on television. Just another all talk, no action, politician. Truly doesn't have a clue! Worst voting record in Sen.
Rich Lowry is truly one of the dumbest of the talking heads - he doesn't have a clue!
Whoopi Goldberg had better surround herself with better hosts than Nicole Wallace, who doesn't have a clue. The show is close to death!
You save your $. Don't invest in Karl Rove. He doesn't have a clue.
I am the BEST builder, just look at what I've built. Hillary can't build. Republican candidates can't build. They don't have a clue!
Defense Sec.Hagel has quit. Great news for our country. The guy didn't have a clue-grossly outmatched by our enemies. Couldn't even speak
I just had to fire someone, he didn't have a clue--he reminded me of Obama on Wednesday night.
I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S., and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. Crooked Hillary has no clue! @Teamsters
I'd like to call JEB a liar, but the truth is he has no clue & never revealed that he used Eminent Domain- when criticizing me!
Pamela Geller is a total whack job who doesn't have a clue. Don't provoke the enemy, go get them and make them pay. No signals, just do it!
Why does CNN bore their audience with people like @secupp, a totally biased loser who doesn't have a clue. I hear she will soon be gone!
When will @CNN get some real political talent rather than political commentators like Errol Louis, who doesn't have a clue! Others bad also.
What a waste of time being interviewed by Anderson Cooper when he puts on really stupid talking heads likeTim O'Brien-dumb guy with no clue!
Our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision, not someone like Hillary or Barack, neither of which has a clue!
